README.md, before:

# CV (Justin Tormey)

## Resources

* [GitHub](https://github.com/jtormey)
* [Portfolio](http://jtormey.com/)
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/justin-tormey/)

## Experience

### 93software

Founder and CEO (August 2019 to present)

Provides software development and advisory services to emerging businesses, and develops and brings to market independent SaaS products.

* Architects, builds, and deploys large Elixir projects, integrating new technologies such as Phoenix LiveView.
* Started [Socialite](https://usesocialite.com/), a product which helps e-commerce companies generate sales with social proof from their social media platforms.
* Specializes in React and Elixir projects.

### Inflow Lending

Co-Founder (April 2020 to June 2020)

[Inflow Lending](https://ppp.quickspark.com/) is a PPP (Paycheck Protection Program) loan application service that helped businesses get critical relief funding at the start of the COVID-19 shutdown.

* Merged with QuickSpark Financial in joint venture agreement after only weeks of operation.
* Submitted PPP applications on behalf of over 600 small businesses, totaling upwards of $10M in loan applications.
* Responsible for design and development of the website and application process.
* Responsible for implementing the means of storing application data and relaying to banking partners.

### FlowEngine

Head of Development (July 2018 to present)

[FlowEngine](https://flowengine.io/) is an early stage startup that aims to revolutionize how people connect with individuals in their network by leveraging common connections and shared experiences.

* Leads the development of technical roadmaps, creates technical specifications, and maps out project plans.
* Advises the development team on projects (React, Node.js, and Neo4j).
* Reviews code to ensure reliability and consistency in the team's codebases.
* Manages all company technology infrastructure (deployment, servers, databases, backups, DNS).
* Responsible for importing, analyzing, and maintaining large (100M+ records) SQL databases.
* Created and maintains custom high-performance parallel data processing applications, with processing capabilities reaching 50k records per second.

### Blockchain

Crypto-Engineering Developer (February 2015 to August 2019)

[Blockchain](https://blockchain.com/) is a leading cryptocurrency platform that provides users with secure, client-side wallets, a custodial exchange, and a robust block explorer and API suite.

* Leading contributor to the client-side wallet, which, in addition to traditional business logic, featured encryption/decryption, cryptographic message verification, and cryptocurrency transaction creation and signing.
* Added Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, and Stellar to the frontend wallet, which required an extensive knowledge of the currencies and the peer-to-peer networks underlying them.
* Led multiple R&D initiatives, including an early version of a GraphQL-based blockchain block explorer API and experimental JavaScript implementations of certain BIPs (Bitcoin Improvement Proposal).
* Created and maintained several open source libraries, including API client libraries and a self-hosted implementation of a custodial wallet API.
* Implemented and ran the core of the custodial cryptocurrency exchange, which transfers large volumes of cryptocurrency and is capable of handling many transactions per second.
* Implemented highly secure, hardware-based cryptocurrency vaults for company management of very large amounts of cryptocurrency.
* Worked closely with the CEO and CTO on experimental projects.
* Worked across many other teams as needed, often to assist with the implementation of features involving cryptography (Android, iOS, Marketing, Customer Success).

## Competencies

* Languages: JavaScript, Elixir, Kotlin, Java, Elm, HTML, CSS (as seen on [repository homepage](https://github.com/jtormey/cv))
* Databases: Postgres, Redis, Neo4j
* Frontend Frameworks: React, Svelte, AngularJS
* Frontend Tools: Styled Components, TailwindCSS

## References

*Available on request.*

Commit message:

Update cv to include upside

README.md, after:

# CV (Justin Tormey)

## Resources

* [GitHub](https://github.com/jtormey)
* [Portfolio](http://jtormey.com/)
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/justin-tormey/)

## Experience

### Upside

Co-Founder and CTO (May 2021 to present)

Upside offers extended payment terms on inventory purchases to brands in the consumer goods industry. Operating in a "buy now, pay later" fashion allows brands to have a healthier cash conversion cycle, delay raising capital on equity, and use their cash on the things that matter most to their business.

### 93software

Founder and CEO (August 2019 to present)

Provides software development and advisory services to emerging businesses, and develops and brings to market independent SaaS products.

* Architects, builds, and deploys large Elixir projects, integrating new technologies such as Phoenix LiveView.
* Started [Socialite](https://usesocialite.com/), a product which helps e-commerce companies generate sales with social proof from their social media platforms.
* Specializes in React and Elixir projects.

### Inflow Lending

Co-Founder (April 2020 to June 2020)

[Inflow Lending](https://ppp.quickspark.com/) is a PPP (Paycheck Protection Program) loan application service that helped businesses get critical relief funding at the start of the COVID-19 shutdown.

* Merged with QuickSpark Financial in joint venture agreement after only weeks of operation.
* Submitted PPP applications on behalf of over 600 small businesses, totaling upwards of $10M in loan applications.
* Responsible for design and development of the website and application process.
* Responsible for implementing the means of storing application data and relaying to banking partners.

### FlowEngine

Head of Development (July 2018 to May 2021)

[FlowEngine](https://flowengine.io/) is an early stage startup that aims to revolutionize how people connect with individuals in their network by leveraging common connections and shared experiences.

* Leads the development of technical roadmaps, creates technical specifications, and maps out project plans.
* Advises the development team on projects (React, Node.js, and Neo4j).
* Reviews code to ensure reliability and consistency in the team's codebases.
* Manages all company technology infrastructure (deployment, servers, databases, backups, DNS).
* Responsible for importing, analyzing, and maintaining large (100M+ records) SQL databases.
* Created and maintains custom high-performance parallel data processing applications, with processing capabilities reaching 50k records per second.

### Blockchain

Crypto-Engineering Developer (February 2015 to August 2019)

[Blockchain](https://blockchain.com/) is a leading cryptocurrency platform that provides users with secure, client-side wallets, a custodial exchange, and a robust block explorer and API suite.

* Leading contributor to the client-side wallet, which, in addition to traditional business logic, featured encryption/decryption, cryptographic message verification, and cryptocurrency transaction creation and signing.
* Added Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, and Stellar to the frontend wallet, which required an extensive knowledge of the currencies and the peer-to-peer networks underlying them.
* Led multiple R&D initiatives, including an early version of a GraphQL-based blockchain block explorer API and experimental JavaScript implementations of certain BIPs (Bitcoin Improvement Proposal).
* Created and maintained several open source libraries, including API client libraries and a self-hosted implementation of a custodial wallet API.
* Implemented and ran the core of the custodial cryptocurrency exchange, which transfers large volumes of cryptocurrency and is capable of handling many transactions per second.
* Implemented highly secure, hardware-based cryptocurrency vaults for company management of very large amounts of cryptocurrency.
* Worked closely with the CEO and CTO on experimental projects.
* Worked across many other teams as needed, often to assist with the implementation of features involving cryptography (Android, iOS, Marketing, Customer Success).

## Competencies

* Languages: JavaScript, Elixir, Kotlin, Java, Elm, HTML, CSS (as seen on [repository homepage](https://github.com/jtormey/cv))
* Databases: Postgres, Redis, Neo4j
* Frontend Frameworks: React, Svelte, AngularJS
* Frontend Tools: Styled Components, TailwindCSS

## References

*Available on request.*
